Name: Amolat, Ace Stephen Dave M.
Section: IT39A-SIA2
Date: 24/01/2025

    GRASP MODEL

-Article

Enhancing Student Employability in Collaboration with the
Industry: Case Study of a Partnership with Amazon Web
Services Academy


G: Goal-

To foster a comprehensive understanding of cutting-edge industry cloud technologies,
the curriculum aims to incorporate hands-on proficiency for students through practical engagement,
while also exploring the benefits of industrial attachment programs to train cloud computing lecturers
as certified AWS professionals. This article highlighted the benefits and opportunities of collaborating
with the industry to have access to cutting-edge cloud computing technologies for inclusion
in the cloud computing curriculum.


R: Role-

The role of investments in higher education by governments, students, parents, and the industry is to
meet the increasing expectations of preparing students with Twenty-First Century skills for the emerging
job market through a high-quality learning experience. Thus being benefit of the industrial attachment for 
cloud computing lecturers to get trained as AWS professionals.


A: Audience-

Basically the research audience mainly was the cloud computing that gives internsip for the passers and
give students the oppurtunity to shpw their skills tru the free AWS Academy 
vouchers to take the AWS Certified Cloud Practitioner practice exam.This performance further justifies
the efforts put into the training and goes a long way in making the students appreciate the
increase in tuition fees. Mainly to put to put into practice the skills they have acquired and also to
prepare them for real-life professional careers in the future.



S: Situation-

The situation involves universities to give justification for increased tuition fees in form
of being quality education places offering students job-ready skills, a new undergraduate module in cloud
computing was redesigned with AWS Academy. Through an innovative approach, this practitioner research
introduces industry best practices and hands-on labs in cloud computing.



P: Product/performance-

Students were more engaged due to the integration of hands-on labs with theoretical learning.
at the speciality level include AWS certifications in Advanced Networking, Big Data, Security,
Machine Learning and Alexa Skill Builder. These certification routes are emphasised to the students
and the skillsrequired with incentives and remunerations enjoyed by these professionals that work for
AWS and other companies.


-->Detailed report and personal assumptions.


-Purpose of the report

The Purpose of the report was to assume as the researchers conducting and gathering the 
info we need to find the appopriate data that includes significant key parts that alligned to the objectives given.
Therefore thru the GRAPS model we can encounter the problems and the discussion we need to input from the article.



-Context

Having the continuous increase in tuition fees in high education in many countries To do this, a collaborative partnership was
established with the AWS Academy, and the first author was trained to qualify as an AWS
Certified Cloud Practitioner. Inserting the E- learning thatplays a major role in leveraging engineering skills through virtual collabo-
ration, group projects, and the development of software products that can provide students with employability skills. In this context we have witnessed that 
A good and intuitive e-learning platform with a well-defined dashboard is also re-
quired to help learners during training. User-friendly and easy-to-use dashboards, To provide quality education, state-of-the-art technology in cloud computing is
adopted using the AWS Academy LMS, which is the most widely used cloud platform
and largest cloud provider in the world. are important components of any successful e-learning technology. 
It enventually created the opportunities for the students for thier future fields to innovate.


-Findings


-Effectivenes


-Conclussion 







